she is
hello we have whey protein
from company 4 no less nutrition not
It is very well known firm many senior that
it is actually very good
product and judging by the description and reviews
our athletes so what is he
is characteristic
despite the fact that it is whey
protein is very good here
protein isolate and whey protein
also interestingly added a little
creatine monohydrate is also generally to
weekly acid norm
is an additional advantage of this
product servings is 35 grams of
they are 24 grams of protein carbohydrates 8 grams but
accordingly it is very tasty delicious
and enjoyable due to this fat here
programs
but these are beneficial fats as you understood it to
wrong or new acid portion
actions
65 which is also very good the price is just
smart subscribe to our channel and you
learn how to lose your money wisely
plus we're ready to sleep
and now the long-awaited rating here we are
senju given whey protein
quality 8 points 10 taste 8 points 10
price of 10 points out of 10
hydrogen